Add photon-photon collisions (linear Breit-Wheeler) (#3630)
BLAST-WarpX/warpx: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

    ``fusion_probability_threshold``, WarpX reduces the fusion multiplier for
    that collisions such that the fusion probability approches ``fusion_probability_target_value``.

* ``<collision_name>.event_multiplier`` (`float`) optional.
    Only for ``photonphoton``.
    Works in the same way as ``<collision_name>.fusion_probability_target_value`` for fusion reactions.

* ``<collision_name>.probability_threshold`` (`float`) optional.
    Only for ``photonphoton``.
    Works in the same way as ``<collision_name>.fusion_probability_threshold`` for fusion reactions.

* ``<collision_name>.probability_target_value`` (`float`) optional.
    Only for ``photonphoton``.
    Works in the same way as ``<collision_name>.fusion_probability_target_value`` for fusion reactions.

> 

Reviewer: Just a note to keep in mind that we could look into whether these parameters could be merged, in a future PR.

Author: I agree, the most definitely could. 
For now I decided to use the most transparent approach.

    - ``background_stopping`` for slowing of ions due to collisions with electrons or ions.
      This implements the approximate formulae as derived in Introduction to Plasma Physics,
      from Goldston and Rutherford, section 14.2.

>     - ``photonphoton`` for two-photon collisions according to the linear Breit-Wheeler mechanism

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - ``photonphoton`` for electron-positron pair creation from annihilation of two photons, according to the linear Breit-Wheeler mechanism
```

>     - ``linear_breit_wheeler`` for two-photon collisions according to the linear Breit-Wheeler mechanism

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - ``linear_breit_wheeler`` for electron-positron pair creation from the annihilation of two photons, according to the linear Breit-Wheeler mechanism
```

      (see for example `Gould et al. (Phys. Rev. 155, 1404, 1967) <https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRev.155.1404>`__).

>       This implements the generation of electron-positron pairs based on the analytical cross-section, e.g.

Reviewer 2: As a follow-up PR: we should explain the difference with non-linear Breit-Wheeler here: 
https://warpx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/theory/multiphysics/qed.html
and maybe rename `qed_breit_wheeler...` as `qed_nl_breit_wheeler`

Reviewer 2: @lucafedeli88 pointed out that the user should get a clear error message when using `qed_breit_wheeler`, letting them know about the new syntax.

Reviewer 2: Proposed syntax:
- `<species>.do_qed_breit_wheeler` -> `<species>.nonlinear_breit_wheeler`
- `qed_breit_wheeler_ele_product_species` -> `nonlinear_breit_wheeler_ele_product_species`
- `qed_breit_wheeler_pos_product_species` -> `nonlinear_breit_wheeler_pos_product_species`

For consistency:
- `<species>.qed_quantum_sync` -> `<species>.do_nonlinear_compton_scattering`?
etc.
(This is important since we are planning to implement linear Compton scattering - as a collision process, in the same way as we implemented linear Breit-Wheeler)

Reviewer 2: Since this will be a breaking change, we should do all changes in one big WarpX.

Reviewer 2: Regarding updating this page:
https://warpx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/theory/multiphysics/qed.html
@lucafedeli88 suggested drawing from:
https://theses.hal.science/tel-01314224/
https://journals.aps.org/rmp/abstract/10.1103/RevModPhys.94.045001
https://journals.aps.org/pre/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevE.92.023305

      equation (1) in Gould. The angular distribution of the emitted pairs is isotropic for now
      (instead of following the correct distribution, see e.g. `Ribeyre et al. (Plasma Phys. Control. Fusion 60 104001, 2018) <https://doi.org/10.1088/1361-6587/aad6da>`__).

>       The implementation follows the same rationale as that of fusion reactions (see. `Higginson et al. (JCP 388, 439-453, 2019) <https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jcp.2019.03.020>`__).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      The implementation follows the same numerical algorithm as that of fusion reactions (see. `Higginson et al. (JCP 388, 439-453, 2019) <https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jcp.2019.03.020>`__).
```

    ``fusion_probability_threshold``, WarpX reduces the fusion multiplier for
    that collisions such that the fusion probability approches ``fusion_probability_target_value``.

* ``<collision_name>.event_multiplier`` (`float`) optional.
    Only for ``linear_breit_wheeler``.

>     Works in the same way as ``<collision_name>.fusion_probability_target_value`` for fusion reactions.

Reviewer 2: As a follow-up PR: maybe we should unify this for `linear_breit_wheeler` and `fusion` (and maybe `dsmc`)
